# Shape Memory Game!

## This project is coded as part of my Fullstack Software Development Course in the Code Institute. It is going to be a basic memory game in which the player has to remember shapes displayed to them in the correct order and input them into the computer. It will be written in HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript.

## User Experience

### The Strategy Plane

The goal of this site is to create a game that the user will enjoy playing. For this to occur the game must be colourful and eye-catching, but it must also be clear and easy to understand. The user must feel a sense of accomplishment when they get answers correct but must also feel challenged as the game progresses. If the game meets these criterea it will be enjoyable for the user and I will have acheived my goal of making a fun game. 

### The Scope Plane

The site will need some key content and functional requirements. In terms of content, the site will need to clearly explain to the user how the game is played. There will also need to be a main game area in the middle of the screen, and the bottom of the screen will contain the cards for the user to select from. With regard to functionality, the site will need to be able to generate an array containing shapes in a specific order and then display these cards to the user one at a time. The game then needs to be able to know when the cards have finished displaying and propmt the user to input their answer. The game needs to then be able to generate an array of shapes which the user inputs and check it against the array generated by the game. If the user is correct the game needs to add one to the correct answer counter and increase the difficulty of the next game. If the user is incorrect the game will return to the easiest level. 

### The Structure Plane

There will be three ways in which the user can interact with this game. They can click the start button to begin the game. An array of shapes will be generated when the user clicks this button. The user will then click on the shapes on the bottom of the screen to input their answer. This will generate an array which will be checked against the computer generated array. Finally, the user will click on the submit button to check their answer. 

### The Skeleton Plane

The design of the game will be quite simple. There will be one landing page on which the entire game is displayed. The top of the page will have the name of the game. To the left will be the instructions of the game. The main box in which the shapes will be displayed will be in the middle of the screen. To the right of this will be some interesting facts about working memory. The bottom of the screen will display 5 cards which have shapes in them. These are how the user is going to input their answer. Under these will be the score counter and the high score counter. The start button and submit button will be under the main box in the middle of the screen. 

### The Surface Plane 

The site will contain a mixture of very eye-catching colours. The shapes will all be in different colours and this will increase enjoyment of the game. 